README.md, before:

# Project 2 Generative Audio

Your Name, yourcontact@unl.edu

(Your teammate's contact info, if appropriate)

## Abstract

Include your abstract here. This should be one paragraph clearly describing your concept, method, and results. This should tell us what architecture/approach you used. Also describe your creative goals, and whether you were successful in achieving them. Also could describe future directions.

## Model/Data

Briefly describe the files that are included with your repository:
- trained models
- training data (or link to training data)

## Code

Your code for generating your project:
- Python: generative_code.py
- Jupyter notebooks: generative_code.ipynb

## Results

Documentation of your results in an appropriate format, both links to files and a brief description of their contents:
- `.wav` files or `.mp4`
- `.midi` files
- musical scores
- ... some other form

## Technical Notes

Any implementation details or notes we need to repeat your work. 
- Does this code require other pip packages, software, etc?
- Does it run on some other (non-datahub) platform? (CoLab, etc.)

## Reference

References to any papers, techniques, repositories you used:
- Papers
- Repositories
- Blog posts

Commit message:

updated the abstract for README.md

README.md, after:

# Project 2 Generative Audio

Ellie Kripal, ekripal2@unl.edu

## Abstract

Continuing from an assignment I completed on this topic, I am using Piano Genie to play out the digits of Pi. I will be taking a model of Piano Genie that will make it easier to output numbers without having to manually input them through the web. I have also put together a set of rules. This project will use the first 1000 (could change) digits of pi. They will be grouped into sets of three as chords and held for a half note in 4/4 time. As Piano Genie only uses digits 1-8, a 9 would denote that that number be omitted and the chord would be played for a whole note. If there was a 0 or a repeat number in the set of digits, they would be played separately for a quarter note.

## Model/Data

Briefly describe the files that are included with your repository:
- trained models
- training data (or link to training data)

## Code

Your code for generating your project:
- Python: generative_code.py
- Jupyter notebooks: generative_code.ipynb

## Results

Documentation of your results in an appropriate format, both links to files and a brief description of their contents:
- `.wav` files or `.mp4`
- `.midi` files
- musical scores
- ... some other form

## Technical Notes

Any implementation details or notes we need to repeat your work. 
- Does this code require other pip packages, software, etc?
- Does it run on some other (non-datahub) platform? (CoLab, etc.)

## Reference

References to any papers, techniques, repositories you used:
- Papers
- Repositories
- Blog posts
